("It's Still Rock and
Roll To Me" by Billy Joel)
♪ What's the matter with
the clothes I'm wearing ♪
♪ Can't you tell that
your tie's too wide ♪
♪ Maybe I should buy
some old tab collars ♪
♪ Welcome back to the age of jive ♪
♪ Where have you been
hidin' out lately honey ♪
♪ You can't dress trashy 'til
you spend a lot of money ♪
♪ Everybody's talkin'
'bout the new sound ♪
♪ Funny but it's still
rock and roll to me ♪
♪ What's the matter with
the car I'm driving ♪
♪ Can't you tell that it's out of style ♪
♪ Should I get a set of whitewall tires ♪
♪ Are you gonna cruise the miracle mile ♪
♪ Nowadays you can't be too sentimental ♪
♪ Your best bet's a true
baby blue Continental ♪
♪ Hot funk cool punk
even if it's old junk ♪
♪ It's still rock and roll to me ♪
♪ Oh it doesn't matter what
they say in the papers ♪
♪ Cause it's always been
the same old scene ♪
♪ There's a new band in town
but you can't get the sound ♪
♪ From a story in a magazine ♪
♪ Aimed at your average teen ♪
♪ How about a pair of pink sidewinders ♪
♪ And a bright orange pair of pants ♪
♪ You could really be
a Beau Brummel baby ♪
♪ If you just give it half a chance ♪
♪ Don't waste your money
on a new set of speakers ♪
♪ You get more mileage from
a cheap pair of sneakers ♪
♪ Next phase new wave
dance craze anyways ♪
♪ It's still rock and roll to me ♪
♪ Alright Richie ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ What's the matter with
the crowd I'm seeing ♪
♪ Don't you know that
they're out of touch ♪
♪ Should I try to be a
straight 'A' student ♪
♪ If you are then you think too much ♪
♪ Don't you know about
the new fashion honey ♪
♪ All you need are looks
and a whole lotta money ♪
♪ It's the next phase new wave ♪
♪ Dance craze anyways ♪
♪ It's still rock and roll to me ♪
♪ Everybody's talkin'
'bout the new sound ♪
♪ Funny but it's still
rock and roll to me ♪